what's up guys J Martin I have to kill
and I'm back here o Bordelaise soon it's
another episode of my legendary weapon
guide in this series we take a look at
legendary weapons what they are and who
drops them and today we're taking a look
at the first in a series of three
elemental Vlad off legendary grenade
mods and it's called the fire B now the
fire B is a crowd control grenade it's
sort of like the Breathitt air morphus
except instead of having plumes of
flames come out of the ground and the
goal for your enemies this one spins
around in circles shoots flames all over
the place not only that but it has
little fireballs that shoot out of the
top of it kind of like a Merv and it is
a very good grenade but for area of
effects and crowd Patrol now just like
last week with the shredder fire this
weapon actually has no confirmed flute
force drop other than pyro Pete and
that's just because of the fact that
pyro Pete has a chance of pretty much
dropped any legendary in the game so if
you want a farm for this grenade mod
pyro Pete is gonna be your best bet so
my favorite thing about this grenade mod
is the fact that it actually doesn't
feel as a muscle it feels more like an
on demand action skill like axes turret
once you throw it out there it's static
it's gonna spin around and it's gonna
control the entire area that you tossed
it in I myself have a home inversion of
this I would actually rather have a
loved version that way you could place
it between you and the enemies which not
only gives you a little bit of distance
and breathing room but it also allows
you to occupy a large crowd of enemies
while focusing on one or two targets now
just like any other crowd control area
of effect the need that does continuous
damage over time if you are holding the
ruby pistol and the damage it will do
will kill you so in tight situations
having a Moxie pistol on hand will
actually be it very well if you carry
one of these grenades so this is my
legendary weapon guide on the fire B
which is a set of one out of three
elemental crowd control grenade mods
that are
in this team so make sure you guys
recover subscribe button thank you guys
for watching my name is Jay board
enhancer kill if you could thumbs up the
video I would appreciate it very much
like I said make sure you guys think up
and subscribe but what a thank you guys
for watching and I'm gonna see you guys
later and it is a very good grenade for
an area of effect crowd control
what the FAK